# Ethereum Cat Herders Meeting 15 Notes
### Meeting Date/Time: Tue, July 9, 2019 14:00 UTC
### Meeting Duration: 22 minutes
### [GitHub Agenda Page](https://github.com/ethereum-cat-herders/PM/issues/80)
### [Video of the meeting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cFKgsfJqZA&feature=youtu.be)

1. Update on ProgPow Audit
Neither Charles nor Hudson were there to provide info.
1. Hard Fork Coordination Update
No info. Tim Beiko will create action item to see if James Hancock will help. 
1. Updates on the action items from Constantinople post-mortem
Pooja Ranjan added comments and asked if anyone wanted to add anything else. At (4:12), Helena Flack said she had looked at the Emergency Communications Template and had put some things she wanted to add into a Google doc that she wants to merge with GitHub. 
1. Funding/accounting/multisig 
   1. Update on account of ECH funding.
Lane provided an update - he began looking into this a couple of weeks ago with William. He followed up, and there is a ticket still open with GitCoin and they got an accurate data dump of all the transactions that came through for both of the campaigns. William began reconciling them with multisig. It will take time to reconcile these one by one. 
1. [DevCon Workshop Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IGPx2xGcdChUPdExWKCC5ejr8X_wIxf_NeIHmtpB5mQ/edit#)
Tim Beiko has submitted the workshop - we will see if it will be accepted in the next few weeks. 
1. Any Other Business
At (7:20), Pooja Ranjan suggested a process for helping new people start in the note-taking process. She doesn't want us to follow the GitCoin bounty and wants us to shift to the calendar Brett has created. Tim expressed concern that this may make Brett a bottleneck in the process. Pooja says she didn't think so. Nobody objected. 
1. Review of outstanding action items from Meeting 12

Moderator: Tim Beiko

## MEETING DECISIONS
- DECISION 11.1: Pooja has created the [Emergency Communications Template document](https://github.com/poojaranjan/ECH-PM/blob/master/Constantinople%20Postmortem%20Report/EmergencyCommTemplate.md).
- DECISION 11.1: Voted within the Ethereum Cat Herders DAO that 100 DAI is appropriate for Ethereum Core Dev and Ethereum 2.0 Notes and 50 DAI for ECH notes.
- DECISION 14.7: Lane, with Brett, set up a a seperate Gnosis wallet to assist with registering for reputation within the dxDAO. Transferred 100 DAI into it. Brett used those funds to stake in the dxDAO initialization process. Funds will be returned after a 30-day staking period. 

## MEETING ACTIONS
- ACTION 9.1: ProgPow audit is on hold
- ACTION 9.4: Separating funds - Lane gave an update earlier in the meeting. More to accomplish. 
- ACTION 12.2, 14.1: Discrepencies in GitCoin bounty to be merged with 14.1, as they are duplicates.
- ACTION 14.2: Decision was made to separate ProgPow funding from Catherders funding, but won't remove item until implemented.
- ACTION 14.3: William to work with Lane on an intiative to perform an account of the current ECH funding. Still open. 
- ACTION 14.5: Engage with Hudson regarding the requirements for streaming of ECH calls. Pooja will follow up with Hudson.
- ACTION 14.6: Tim will raise a PR to link the Live streaming document within the Cat Herders repo. Lane will merge if possible. 

## 1. Questions about Note Taking Process

Brent Allsop asked about Zoom meeting invitations. Brent Allsop and Jim Bennett were invited into the internal channel. Decision was also made to add the meeting invite link to the public catherders community channel. 

## 10. Next Meeting: 16 July 2019 at 2pm UTC.

## ATTENDEES:

- Lane Rettig
- Helena Flack
- Pooja Ranjan
- Tim Beiko
- Jim Bennett
- Brent Allsop
